Add Mishipay case study (#7585)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/mishipay/index.md

[Scandit](https://docs.scandit.com/stable/web/) was our primary choice. It supports all barcode
formats required for our business use cases; it beats all the available open-source libraries in
scanning speed.

## Future of scanning

Once the Shape Detection API is fully supported by all major browsers, we could potentially have a
new HTML element `<scanner>` that has the capabilities required for a barcode scanner. Engineering at MishiPay believes
there is a solid use case for the barcode scanning functionality to be a new HTML element due to the
growing number of open source and licensed libraries that are enabling experiences such as Scan & Go
and many others.

## Conclusion

App fatigue is an issue that developers face when their products enter the market. Users often want
to understand the value that an application gives them before they download it.
In a store, where MishiPay saves shoppers' time and improves their
experience, it is counterintuitive to wait for a download
before they can use an application. This is where our PWA helps.
By eliminating the barrier to entry, we have increased our transactions by 10 times and enabled our users

> to save 2.5 years of waiting in the queue.

Author: ```suggestion
to save 2.5 years of waiting in the queue.

## Acknowledgements

This article was reviewed by
[Joe Medley](https://github.com/jpmedley).
```

wasting time queuing at the checkout. With MishiPay's [Scan & Go](https://mishipay.com/) technology,
shoppers can use their own phone to scan the barcode on items and pay for them, then simply leave
the store. [Studies](https://www.adyen.com/en_GB/landing/online/uk/2019/bnb/report) reveal that
in-store queuing costs the global retail sector about $200 billion annually.

Our technology relies on device hardware capabilities such as GPS sensors and cameras that allow
users to locate MishiPay-enabled stores, scan item barcodes within the physical store, and then pay
using the digital payment method of their choice. The initial versions of our Scan & Go technology
were platform-specific iOS and Android applications, and our early adopters loved the technology.
Read on to learn how switching to PWA increased transactions by 10× and saved 2.5 years of queuing!

<ul class="stats">
  <div class="stats__item">
    <p class="stats__figure">
      10<sub>×</sub>
    </p>
    <p>Increased transactions</p>
  </div>
  <div class="stats__item">
    <p class="stats__figure">
      2.5 years
   </p>
    <p>Queuing saved</p>
  </div>
</ul>

## Challenge

> Users find our technology incredibly helpful when waiting in the queue, as it allows them to skip

Author: ```suggestion
Users find our technology extremely helpful when waiting in a queue or check-out line, as it allows them to skip
```

> Users find our technology incredibly helpful when waiting in the queue, as it allows them to skip

Author: Extremely helpful sounds good to me instead.

> the queue and have a seamless in-store experience. But the hassle of downloading an Android or iOS

Author: ```suggestion
the queue and have a smooth in-store experience. But the hassle of downloading an Android or iOS
```

> the queue and have a seamless in-store experience. But the hassle of downloading an Android or iOS

Author: Smooth instead.

application made users not choose our technology despite the value. It was a growing challenge for

> MishiPay, and we needed to increase user adoption with seamless user onboarding.

Author: ```suggestion
MishiPay, and we needed to increase user adoption with a lower barrier of entry.
```

> MishiPay, and we needed to increase user adoption with seamless user onboarding.

Author: Lower barrier of entry instead.

our platform-specific applications.

<div class="switcher">
  <figure>
    {% Video src="video/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/cs0PXp0masvpoIqD9Dfw.mp4", autoplay=true, muted=true, playsinline=true, loop=true, width=332, height=720 %}
    <figcaption>
      Installing and launching the Android app (slower).
    </figcaption>
  </figure>
  <figure>
    {% Video src="video/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/F4krjSntmEbFzhE2XXyc.mp4", autoplay=true, muted=true, playsinline=true, loop=true, width=332, height=720 %}
    <figcaption>
      Directly launching the PWA (faster).
    </figcaption>
  </figure>
</div>

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/I5FMltbcuDHqgqEQMyqA.png", alt="Transactions by platform. ¡OS: 16397 (3.98%). Android: 13769 (3.34%). Web: 382184 (92.68%).", width="300", height="415" %}
  <figcaption>
    The majority of all transactions happen on the web.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## Technical deep-dive

### Locating MishiPay enabled stores

To enable this feature, we rely on the
[`getCurrentPosition()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Geolocation/getCurrentPosition)

> API along with an IP-based fallback solution. This approach worked well in the earlier versions of

Author: Moved around.

our app, but was later proven to be a huge pain point for our end-users due to the following
reasons: Location inaccuracies in the IP-based fallback solutions A growing listing of MishiPay
enabled stores per region requires the users to scroll/search the list and identify the correct

> store Users accidentally choose the wrong store, causing the purchases to be recorded incorrectly.

Author: Occasionally

```js
const geoOptions = {
  timeout: 10 * 1000,
  enableHighAccuracy: true,
  maximumAge: 0,
};

window.navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition(
  (position) => {
    const cords = position.coords;
    console.log(`Latitude :  ${cords.latitude}`);
    console.log(`Longitude :  ${cords.longitude}`);
  },
  (error) => {
    console.debug(`Error: ${error.code}:${error.message}`);
    /**
     * Invoke the IP based location services
     * to fetch the latitude and longitude of the user.
     */
  },
  geoOptions,
);
```

To address the above issues, we embedded unique geolocated QR codes on the marketing materials for
each store. It paved the way for a faster onboarding experience. Users simply scan the geolocated QR
codes printed on marketing material present in the stores to access the Scan & Go web application.
This way, they can avoid typing in the web address `mishipay.shop` to access our services.

<figure>
  {% Video src="video/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/NqyMBZGYzGSNqLE7soXR.mp4", autoplay=true, muted=true, playsinline=true, loop=true, width=1296, height=600 %}
  <figcaption>
    In-store scanning experience using the PWA.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

### Scanning products

> One of the most loved features in our app is the barcode scanning as this empowers our users to scan

Author: Yeah, right. Switched to "core feature".

method of the [Canvas API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API).

```js
/**
 * Processing Layer - Frame Capture
 * https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Manipulating_video_using_cacanvas
 */
async function captureFrames() {
  if (videoEle.readyState === videoEle.HAVE_ENOUGH_DATA) {
    const canvasHeight = (canvasEle.height = videoEle.videoHeight);
    const canvasWidth = (canvasEle.width = videoEle.videoWidth);
    canvasCtx.drawImage(videoEle, 0, 0, canvasWidth, canvasHeight);
    // Transfer the `canvasEle` to the decoder for barcode detection.
    const result = await decodeBarcode(canvasEle);
  } else {
    console.log('Video feed not available yet');
  }
}
```

For advanced use cases, this layer also performs some pre-processing tasks such as cropping,
rotation, and converting to grayscale. These tasks can be CPU-intensive and result in the
application being unresponsive given barcode scanning is a long-running operation. With the help of
the [OffscreenCanvas](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/OffscreenCanvas) API, we can
offload the CPU-intensive task to a web worker. On devices that support hardware graphics

> acceleration, leveraging WebGL API and its
> [`WebGL2RenderingContext`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebGL2RenderingContext) can be
> a strategy for some optimization gains on the CPU-intensive pre-processing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
acceleration, WebGL API and its
[`WebGL2RenderingContext`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebGL2RenderingContext) can optimize gains on the CPU-intensive pre-processing tasks.
```

### Decoder layer

> The final layer is the decoder layer that is responsible for decoding the barcodes from the frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final layer is the decoder layer which is responsible for decoding barcodes from the frames
```

captured by the processing layer. Thanks to the

> [Shape Detection API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Barcode_Detection_API),
> starting from Chromium&nbsp;83, the browser itself supports the functionality of decoding a barcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Shape Detection API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Barcode_Detection_API)
(which is not yet available on all browsers) the browser itself decodes the barcode
```

Reviewer: >which is not yet available...

Just a bit of future proofing.

from an `ImageBitmapSource`, which can be an `img` element, an SVG `image` element, a `video`
element, a `canvas` element, a `Blob` object, an `ImageData` object, or an `ImageBitmap` object.

{% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/GR4od5fHOxys6lrxttPn.png", alt="Diagram showing the three main thread layers: video stream, processing layer, and Shape Detection API.", width="800", height="358" %}

```js
/**
 * Barcode Decoder with Shape Detection API
 * https://web.dev/shape-detection/
 */
async function decodeBarcode(canvas) {
  const formats = [
    'aztec',
    'code_128',
    'code_39',
    'code_93',
    'codabar',
    'data_matrix',
    'ean_13',
    'ean_8',
    'itf',
    'pdf417',
    'qr_code',
    'upc_a',
    'upc_e',
  ];
  const barcodeDetector = new window.BarcodeDetector({
    formats,
  });
  try {
    const barcodes = await barcodeDetector.detect(canvas);
    console.log(barcodes);
    return barcodes.length > 0 ? barcodes[0]['rawValue'] : undefined;
  } catch (e) {
    throw e;
  }
}
```

> For devices that don't support the Shape Detection API yet, we would need a fallback solution to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For devices that don't support the Shape Detection API yet, we need a fallback solution to
```

decode the barcodes. The Shape Detection API exposes a
[`getSupportedFormats()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/BarcodeDetector/getSupportedFormats)

> method that can also be used as a deciding factor by the decoding layer to decide between the Shape
> Detection API and the fallback solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method which helps switch between the Shape
Detection API and the fallback solution.
```

```js
// Check supported barcode formats.

> BarcodeDetector.getSupportedFormats().then((supportedFormats) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BarcodeDetector.getSupportedFormats()
.then((supportedFormats) => {
```

Reviewer: We typically wrap the `then()` clause (if we're not using `await`. Aside from consistency, this avoids horizontal scrolling on small screens.

Author: Sorry, this was prettier. Overruled it manually.

  supportedFormats.forEach((format) => console.log(format));
});

> ```

Reviewer: I can't call a function that doesn't exist on my browser. It looks like you're missing the feature detection code that illustrates the very point of the preceding paragraph.

Author: Added feature detection.

> {% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/oYmpkpsdwmtA8e440F9I.png", alt="Flow diagram showing how dependent on the Barcode Detector support and the supported barcode formats either the Shape Detection API is being used or the fallback solution.", width="800", height="404" %}

Reviewer: Something went wrong with this sentence. I don't know what it's telling me.

Author: Rephrased.

> {% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/oYmpkpsdwmtA8e440F9I.png", alt="Flow diagram showing how dependent on the Barcode Detector support and the supported barcode formats either the Shape Detection API is being used or the fallback solution.", width="800", height="404" %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/oYmpkpsdwmtA8e440F9I.png", alt="Flow diagram showing how, dependent on Barcode Detector support and the supported barcode formats, either the Shape Detection API or the fallback solution  is being used.", width="800", height="404" %}
```

### Fallback solution

Several open-source and enterprise scanning libraries are available that can be easily integrated

> with any web application to build a scanning experience. Here are some of the libraries that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with any web application to implement scanning. Here are some of the libraries that we
```

Reviewer: Who is 'we' in this sentence? Until now, it has been MishiPay, but it will be taken as Google. Has Google exhaustively tested these? How about 'Here are some widely used libraries.'

Author: We → MishiPay

recommend.

<div class="table-wrapper scrollbar">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Library Name</th>
        <th>Type</th>
        <th>Wasm Solution</th>
        <th>Barcode Formats</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/serratus/quaggaJS">QuaggaJs</a></td>
        <td>Open Source</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>1D</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/zxing-js/library">ZxingJs</a></td>
        <td>Open Source</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>1D & 2D (Limited)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://codecorp.com/products">CodeCorp</a></td>
        <td>Enterprise</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>1D & 2D</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://docs.scandit.com/stable/web/">Scandit</a></td>
        <td>Enterprise</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>1D & 2D</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
    <caption style="max-width:initial;">
      Comparison of open-source and commercial barcode scanning libraries
    </caption>
  </table>
</div>

> All the above libraries are fully-fledged SDKs that compose all the layers discussed above. They

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the above libraries are full-fledged SDKs that compose all the layers discussed above. They
```

> also expose interfaces to cater to various scanning operations. Depending upon the barcode formats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also expose interfaces to support various scanning operations. Depending on the barcode formats
```

> needed for the business case, a decision can be between Wasm and non-Wasm solutions. Despite the

Reviewer: Are you saying that some barcode needs may prevent me from using one of the WASM solutions? This sentence isn't clear.

Author: Not all barcode formats are supported by all libraries.

overhead of requiring an additional resource (Wasm) to decode the barcode, Wasm solutions outperform
the non-Wasm solution in terms of accuracy.

> [Scandit](https://docs.scandit.com/stable/web/) has been our primary choice. It supports all barcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Scandit](https://docs.scandit.com/stable/web/) was our primary choice. It supports all barcode
```

formats required for our business use cases; it beats all the available open-source libraries in
scanning speed.

## Future of scanning

Once the Shape Detection API is fully supported by all major browsers, we could potentially have a

> new HTML element `<scanner>` that has the capabilities required for a barcode scanner. We believe

Author: ```suggestion
new HTML element `<scanner>` that has the capabilities required for a barcode scanner. Engineering at MishiPay believes
```

Author: MishiPay

there is a solid use case for the barcode scanning functionality to be a new HTML element due to the
growing number of open source and licensed libraries that are enabling experiences such as Scan & Go

> and many others.

Reviewer: Who believes this? MishiPay or Google?

Author: MishiPay

## Conclusion

App fatigue is an issue that developers face when their products enter the market. Users often want

> to understand the value that an application delivers for them before they commit to downloading it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to understand the value that an application gives them before they download it.
```

> In a store setting, where MishiPay has been positioned to save shoppers' time and improve their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a store, where MishiPay saves shoppers' time and improves their
```

> experience in store, it is counterintuitive to have to insist that a user takes time to download an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experience, it is counterintuitive to wait for a download
```

> application before they can use it. This is where our PWA has facilitated a step change in adoption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before they can use an application. This is where our PWA helps.
```

> By eliminating the barrier to entry, we have increased our transactions by 10× and enabled our users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By eliminating the barrier to entry, we have increased our transactions by 10 times and enabled our users
```

        <th>Library Name</th>
        <th>Type</th>
        <th>Wasm Solution</th>
        <th>Barcode Formats</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/serratus/quaggaJS">QuaggaJs</a></td>
        <td>Open Source</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>1D</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/zxing-js/library">ZxingJs</a></td>
        <td>Open Source</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>1D & 2D (Limited)</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://codecorp.com/products">CodeCorp</a></td>
        <td>Enterprise</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>1D & 2D</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://docs.scandit.com/stable/web/">Scandit</a></td>
        <td>Enterprise</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>1D & 2D</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
    <caption style="max-width:initial;">
      Comparison of open-source and commercial barcode scanning libraries
    </caption>
  </table>
</div>

All the above libraries are full-fledged SDKs that compose all the layers discussed above. They
also expose interfaces to support various scanning operations. Depending on the barcode formats

> needed for the business case, a decision can be between Wasm and non-Wasm solutions. Despite the

Author: ```suggestion
and detection speed needed for the business case, a decision can be between Wasm and non-Wasm solutions. Despite the
```

---
title: MishiPay's PWA increases transactions 10 times and saves 2.5 years of queuing
subhead: Learn how switching to PWA helped MishiPay's business.
authors:
  - nikilmathew
  - thomassteiner
description: Learn how MishiPay's PWA increases transactions 10 times and saves 2.5 years of queuing.
date: 2022-03-28
# updated: 2022-03-28
tags:
  - blog
  - capabilities
  - case-study
  - progressive-web-apps

> hero: image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/G1Q7oGsqt7t33ctT4de2.png

Author: ```suggestion
hero: image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/CZo4R87iOBYiRpIq6NcP.jpg
```

> hero: image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/jyVxx3oZ5TiBF0CP4C1O.jpeg

Author: ```suggestion
hero: image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/G1Q7oGsqt7t33ctT4de2.png
```

 * https://web.dev/shape-detection/
 */
async function decodeBarcode(canvas) {
  const formats = [
    'aztec',
    'code_128',
    'code_39',
    'code_93',
    'codabar',
    'data_matrix',
    'ean_13',
    'ean_8',
    'itf',
    'pdf417',
    'qr_code',
    'upc_a',
    'upc_e',
  ];
  const barcodeDetector = new window.BarcodeDetector({
    formats,
  });
  try {
    const barcodes = await barcodeDetector.detect(canvas);
    console.log(barcodes);
    return barcodes.length > 0 ? barcodes[0]['rawValue'] : undefined;
  } catch (e) {
    throw e;
  }
}
```

For devices that don't support the Shape Detection API yet, we need a fallback solution to decode
the barcodes. The Shape Detection API exposes a
[`getSupportedFormats()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/BarcodeDetector/getSupportedFormats)
method which helps switch between the Shape Detection API and the fallback solution.

```js
// Feature detection.
if (!('BarceodeDetector' in window)) {
  return;
}
// Check supported barcode formats.
BarcodeDetector.getSupportedFormats()
.then((supportedFormats) => {
  supportedFormats.forEach((format) => console.log(format));
});
```

> {% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/oYmpkpsdwmtA8e440F9I.png", alt="Flow diagram showing how, dependent on Barcode Detector support and the supported barcode formats, either the Shape Detection API or the fallback solution  is being used.", width="800", height="404" %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/GmrPC7mFTdtsEdS1BDWp.png", alt="Flow diagram showing how, dependent on Barcode Detector support and the supported barcode formats, either the Shape Detection API or the fallback solution  is being used.", width="800", height="404" %}
```
